Update issue templates (#429)
neuropoly/axondeepseg: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**

> <!-- This form is used to report software defects such as inaccurate/erratic behavior, crashes, etc. If you have general questions about using the software or are encountering difficulties with installation, please create a topic in the forum (see the "Discussions" tab at the top of this page). -->

Reviewer: I'm worried the nudge to go to the Discussions page might be too subtle. Especially because, if someone is thinking of creating an issue for a non-bug question, they'll arrive here first:

![Screenshot from 2020-12-19 09-56-16](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16181459/102692340-ae703100-41e0-11eb-9d0b-ba9e5cd4db2b.png)

They might just choose "Open a blank issue" and never even see this little note here about Discussions.

What do you think about creating a third (dummy) issue template called "Everything else" or "Questions and concerns" or something like that, then in the description, include a link to the Discussions page? Basically to say "don't open a blank issue, go here instead", to fill the gaps in GitHub's UI design. :wink:

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.
Feel free to add screenshots to illustrate the problem!

**To Reproduce**
<!--
Please try to reproduce your issue using "./AxonDeepSeg/data_test" as inputs, and to provide a sequence of commands that can reproduce it.

> If this is not possible, try to isolate a minimal input on which the issue happens (eg. one file among a dataset), and provide this file publicly, or if not possible, privately (coordinate with @jcohenadad).

Reviewer: Small clarity nitpick.

```suggestion
If this is not possible, try to isolate a minimal input on which the issue happens (e.g. one file among a dataset), and provide this file publicly. If the data can't be shared publicly, please coordinate with @jcohenadad in private.
```
